* How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?



	It helped a lot because it allowed me to see the two blocks of code at the same time in a secuential order
	and I just scanned through the code, just the code that contained the differences very quickly.





* How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?



    	
	Having the entire history of a file is useful because allow us to get access to previous code that could be
	relevant in the present or even the future and easily use it.




* What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?



	manual:
		pros:
		     You always commit when you want or at least when you think it is properly.
		
		cons:
		     You can easily forget to commit.
	
	Automatic:
		pros:
		     Your pc always commit for you and do not have to worry about it.

		cons:
		     The files commited could be very similar to the previous ones, so that can lead to irrelevant versions.
	




* Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Simply, because many times different files are closely related and rely on one on each other.



* How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?



	I can use git log to see the history of commits done in certain file and use git diff allow me to clearly see
	the insertsion and deletions associated with two differents commits.


* How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	It make me feel confident because I can easily change different version with a simple line of code and 
	go back to the previous one with another without break something and making it irreversible.




* Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?



	I did not set up anything, I just prefer use anaconda prompt instead.